2018_cpu/docs/lab03.md, before:

# Lab 03 - ALU Logic Module

Created: 15 June 2018

Updated: 15 June 2018

The aim of this exercise is to implement a basic combinational circuit. You were given
a template ALU logic module and its matching testbench in the previous lab. Now you
need to make all the tests in the testbench pass.

You don't need to over think this exercise. The solution involves adding a few extra
items to the **case** statment.

[Verilog HDL Quick Reference Guide](http://sutherland-hdl.com/pdfs/verilog_2001_ref_guide.pdf)

## Steps

1. Begin editing the logic.v file
1. Locate the **case** statement, there is only one of them
1. Add a case item for the **OR** function, hint: use a binary literal
1. Add a statement to calcuate the bitwise OR of inputs **a** and **b**
1. Add a case item for the **XOR** function, hint: use a binary literal
1. Add a statement to calcuate the bitwise XOR of inputs **a** and **b**
1. Alter the default statement, have it calculate the bitwise AND of inputs **a** and **b**

## Run Simulation

1. Locate the Flow Navigator (LHS)
1. Locate the item *Run Simulation*
1. Click Run Simulation -> a context menu opens
1. Click Run Behaviorial Simulation -> Simulation window opens, scope visible
1. Find the **ok** signal, it should be green for each of the test cases

Commit message:

Add PASSB function to Lab03.

2018_cpu/docs/lab03.md, after:

# Lab 03 - ALU Logic Module

Created: 15 June 2018

Updated: 27 June 2018

The aim of this exercise is to implement a basic combinational circuit. You were given
a template ALU logic module and its matching testbench in the previous lab. Now you
need to make all the tests in the testbench pass.

You don't need to over think this exercise. The solution involves adding a few extra
items to the **case** statment.

[Verilog HDL Quick Reference Guide](http://sutherland-hdl.com/pdfs/verilog_2001_ref_guide.pdf)

## Steps

1. Begin editing the logic.v file
1. Locate the **case** statement, there is only one of them
1. Add a case item for the **OR** function, hint: use a binary literal
1. Add a statement to calcuate the bitwise OR of inputs **a** and **b**
1. Add a case item for the **XOR** function, hint: use a binary literal
1. Add a statement to calcuate the bitwise XOR of inputs **a** and **b**
1. Add a case item for the **PASSB** function, hint: use a binary literal
1. Add a statement to return **b**
1. Alter the default statement, have it calculate the bitwise AND of inputs **a** and **b**

## Run Simulation

1. Locate the Flow Navigator (LHS)
1. Locate the item *Run Simulation*
1. Click Run Simulation -> a context menu opens
1. Click Run Behaviorial Simulation -> Simulation window opens, scope visible
1. In the Scope view, find the **ok** signal, it should be green for each of the test cases
1. In the lower section of the Vivado window look for the Tcl Console, you may need to resize the window to see things clearly
1. Debug output messages listed here are generated by $diplay functions in the testbench code
